Clarify bottom property behavior when position is absolute or fixed (#26367)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/bottom/index.md

The effect of `bottom` depends on how the element is positioned (i.e., the value of the {{cssxref("position")}} property):

> - When `position` is set to `absolute` or `fixed`, the `bottom` property specifies the distance between the outer edge of the element's bottom margin and the outer edge of the containing block's bottom padding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When `position` is set to `absolute` or `fixed`, the `bottom` property specifies the distance between the outer edge of the element's [bottom margin](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_box_model/Introduction_to_the_CSS_box_model) and the outer edge of the containing block's bottom padding.
```

> - When `position` is set to `absolute` or `fixed`, the `bottom` property specifies the distance between the element's `outer margin` of bottom edge and the `inner border/outer padding` of the bottom edge of its containing block.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When `position` is set to `absolute` or `fixed`, the `bottom` property specifies the distance between the [outer edge](https://www.w3.org/TR/css-box-3/#outer-edge) of the element's bottom side and the [padding edge](https://www.w3.org/TR/css-box-3/#padding-edge) of the containing block's bottom side.
```

Is that correct? I found "the element's outer margin of bottom edge" impossible to understand, and my version at least refers to terms described in the spec.

@estelle , @teoli2003 ?

Reviewer: @freemedom, had they used double quotes instead of code quotes, is better. Avoid linking terms to the spec as much as possible; MDN should provide an interpretation, understandable by novices.

> - When `position` is set to `absolute` or `fixed`, the `bottom` property specifies the distance between the element's `outer margin` of bottom edge and the `inner border/outer padding` of the bottom edge of its containing block.

Reviewer: Not sure if you find this easier to understand:

```suggestion
- When `position` is set to `absolute` or `fixed`, the `bottom` property specifies the distance between the outer edge of the element's bottom margin and the outer edge of the element's containing block's bottom padding.
```

Author: Yes, this looks easier to understand.
